.\"/*
.\" * All rights reserved
.\" *Copyright (c) [Year] [name of copyright holder]
.\" *[Software Name] is licensed under Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You can use this software according to the terms and conditions of the Mulan PSL v2.
.\" *You may obtain a copy of Mulan PSL v2 at:
.\" *         http://license.coscl.org.cn/MulanPSL2
.\" *THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND,
.\" *EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO NON-INFRINGEMENT,
.\" *MERCHANTABILITY OR FIT FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
.\" */
.\"
.TH "keentune-param" "7" "6 May 2022" "OpenAnolis KeenTune SIG" "KeenTune"
.SH NAME
keentune-param - description of basic keentune param

.SH DESCRIPTION
The parameter is the configuration file where the target device runs during dynamic tuning. The parameter configuration in the file acts on the python file of the benchmark. It corresponds mutually to the /usr/lib/python3.6/site-packages/target/domain/ of the target component.

.SH PARAMETER
At the moment we're providing the following pre-defined parameter:

.TP
.BI "iperf.json"
For the iperf3 network performance tool tuning. The test environment requires both an iperf server and a client.
.TP
.BI "nginx.json"
For nginx tuning. The test environment requires a nginx installation and starting the service.
.TP
.BI "sysctl.json"
Tuning for equipment system information.
.TP
.BI "fio.json"
Test IOPS and optimize hard disk data processing. Install fio before tuning test.
.TP
.BI "sysbench.json"
In the current tuning instance, it is the performance test and optimization of the mysql database.

.SH FILES
.I /etc/keentune/parameter/

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP
keentune(8)

.SH "BUGS"
Report bugs at: https://gitee.com/anolis/keentuned/issues
